# computing-work
## the story of homo sapiens and dinosaurous :)
About 66 million years ago, before the age of humans, homo sapiens. before the stone age or the ice age, lived the dinosaurs. *The Mesozoic Age.* Dinosaurs littered the earth, the world was a scary place to be in and the screechs of prey caught by dinosaurs rang everywhere. Nowhere was safe for humans and even if humans did live in that era, they must have died a gruesome death. During the cruel Mesozoic Era, lived the *Dinosaurous*. The Dinosaurous was a special dinosaur, or half-blood dinosaur (in a sense). This was for the fact that the Dinosaurous had the upper half of a human(homo sapiens then), but the lower body of the usual Tyrannosaurus Rex. It was rumoured that the Dinosaurous was made by the unusual hybrid of the first humans who lived and the ferocious T-Rex. This made the Dinosaurous the scariest predator of the Mesozoic Age and at the top of the food chain with its strong body and quick wits, posessing both brains and braun. Many other dinosaurs admired him but were afraid to approach him due to his unusual appearance. Some began spreading toxic rumours about him out of jealousy, gossips about his mother and father and the once fearsome Dinosaurous became the joke of the town. 

Nearing the end of the Mesozoic age where the dinosaurs were supposedly extinct, only the Dinosaurous survived. Though in old age, he was just as agile as before, with clever brains of the humans his mum gifted him. For years, he lived in a cave of his own, unknown to the world. Life was never the same again for the Dinosaurous for most of his prey had gone extinct thanks to humans. There were a few lucky instances when humans passed his cave but none of them lived to tell the tale with their cries for help gone silent. 

And so the Dinosaurous lived on, unbeknownst to the rest of the world. By its 66 thousand year of existence, the Dinosaurous had long given up on love and friendship, for he was old and dinosaurs were long extinct. Or at least, that was what he thought before he met the a fellow hybrid who changed his life completely, Hellae...

It was just another normal day for the Dinosaurous, waking up to the walls of his cave. He went through his daily routine as usual and was thinking about how his life was forever the same, having to confine himself to the dull cave while sipping on his morning coffee. Over the years, the Dinosaurous had adapted to the food of the homo sapiens, which he still preferred to refer to them as. He thought about his life, his past 66 thousand years of existence and wondered if there was any meaning to life at all. Thinking back to the past, he reminisced the past, how it was like under the sun, chasing down prey. He never really hunted for killing, more for the fun gotten out of chasing them. This was how life was like for him, being shunned by others though all he even wanted was to play with friends just like the other dinosaurs. The worst part were the female dinosaurs. He too, wanted to find a mate to live with but each time he tried to approach one, it never worked out and he would end up hiding his face in shame each time. Of course, he overheard the rumours and gossips about him too, mostly unpleasant remarks about his birth and his appearance which differed from the others. Though the Dinosaurous was the top predator of animals in the Meszoic Era, deep down, he concealed the fact that he was sensitive and the mean comments about him affected him more than others would expect. 

Just then, a sound came from outside his cave. Whoever or whatever it was had obviously not  realised that it had just walked into a dinosaur's lair. "Ouch!" it was a high-pitched, femenine voice. He was very shocked as never before had any female dared to venture into his gloomy lair of depression.

As he walked further into the lair, he saw a fellow hybrid like him, just that it was a she. His scaly tail thumped on the cavern floor in anticipation as he stared at the female dinosaur who stared back at him. The female dinosaur had a black eye and her she had a long diagonal slash on her body. Blood was oozing from her mouth as she lay in a dazed stupor on the hard ground.

Even though she was badly injured, the dinosaurus found himself enraptured by the beauty of her female face and the edmerald colour of her scales. He finally opened his mouth and stuttered "Who are you?".

The female hybrid closed eyes in pain as she muttered,"Hellae...", before her entire body went limp. The dinosaur found his heart of stone melting as he heard her honeyed voice and realised that he was falling in love with her.
